There are a number of educational possibilities in the military and let's
take these kind of from the ground up. The first is while you're
on active duty you can apply for, if you're so inclined or qualified,
the Naval Academy. You can apply to get support to get a degree in
their number ways that they will support getting associates degree
or a bachelor's degree. But if you already have a bachelor's degree,
officers can apply to go to the naval postgraduate school and get
an advanced degree there. There some officers allowed to go to school
and college and and get a PhD for a few years. Those are all possibilities
while you're in the service after you get out of the service
you got the GI bill and those benefits change from time to time, so
the best thing there is to double check with your recruiter, what
they're currently offering you, how it works. My father went to law
school on the GI bill I went to undergrad, finished up my undergraduate,
and then went on to law on the GI bill. So that was mine, was different
than his was and yours will be different than mine was so check
with your recruiter how it is today.